That was a joke.
If I call you brother
Isn't that a mess of generations?
What's wrong with seniority?
That resident is a few years older than you
It's right for you to call me brother
Hmm, that's right
My good niece
You should stand where you should stand in your house
Hahahaha
Hey
This time?
Xiao Junlin successfully prevented the establishment of the Business Alliance
And further promote the leaves
Further cooperation between major families
It's a handmade sword
I hereby officially declare that I represent the Ye family
Officially accept this family training
Ok hahaha
Brother-in-law, we will be a family from now on
Please take care of me.
Okay, okay, okay, other than that?
Before Ye Yufei?
It also contributed to the family with Charlotte
Contract of service
It is also a great sword
I hereby declare
official
Tachiba Yufei is our family heir
Look good.
The heir to my grandmother's family is obviously me
How can you just change it?
Ye Qingqing, you and your father
Fossil man in the family for so many years
Hey, how much have you contributed to the family?
He just went to the Chu family to show his prestige and originated a connection
We leaf
When did the family become the hero of the white dog?
Ye Qingqing, I advise you to speak clearly
When to be a beggar
Hmph, didn't you kneel in front of Miss Chu last night?
Beg him like a dog
Then how did you get the Chu family to forgive you?
Tell me, tell everyone.
Ye Qingqing
You are mistaken.
I never asked for a deal.
So what did you do?
First I broke his legs.
And then turned him into a fool